Decoupled Async Execute (#350)
triton-inference-server/python_backend: README.md

[Decoupled Backends and Models](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/decoupled_models.md)
for more details on how to host a decoupled model.

##### Async Execute

Starting from 24.04, `async def execute(self, requests):` is supported for
decoupled Python models. Its coroutine will be executed by an AsyncIO event loop
shared with requests executing in the same model instance. The next request for
the model instance can start executing while the current request is waiting.

This is useful for minimizing the number of model instances for models that
spend the majority of its time waiting, given requests can be executed
"concurrently" by AsyncIO. To take full advantage of the "concurrency", it is
vital for the async execute function to not block the event loop from making

> progress while it is waiting, i.e. downloading over the network.

Reviewer: Would be good to add a note that the user should not modify the running event loop otherwise there might be some unexpected issues.

Author: Sure, this is a good point!
[Document model should not modify event loop](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend/pull/350/commits/00f0cb8873651fd0d93bb7273727178e6814d9ab)

[Decoupled Backends and Models](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/decoupled_models.md)
for more details on how to host a decoupled model.

##### Async Execute

Starting from 24.04, `async def execute(self, requests):` is supported for
decoupled Python models. Its coroutine will be executed by an AsyncIO event loop
shared with requests executing in the same model instance. The next request for
the model instance can start executing while the current request is waiting.

This is useful for minimizing the number of model instances for models that
spend the majority of its time waiting, given requests can be executed

> "concurrently" by AsyncIO. To take full advantage of the "concurrency", it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concurrently by AsyncIO. To take full advantage of the concurrency, it is
```

Author: [Update docs](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend/pull/350/commits/2b387c5db241b5c16e07a0f89fd0757d9752083b)

vital for the async execute function to not block the event loop from making
progress while it is waiting, i.e. downloading over the network.

Notes:
* The model should not modify the running event loop, as this might cause
unexpected issues.

> * The server/backend do not control how many requests can be executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The server/backend do not control how many requests are added to
```

Author: [Update docs](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend/pull/350/commits/2b387c5db241b5c16e07a0f89fd0757d9752083b)

> "concurrently" by a model instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the event loop by a model instance.
```

Author: [Update docs](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend/pull/350/commits/2b387c5db241b5c16e07a0f89fd0757d9752083b)
